gravity
I read a book about anti-gravity; I just couldn't put it down!
helium
My favorite element is helium; I can't speak highly enough of it.
right
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
juggle
It's not that that man did not know how to juggle, he just didn't have the balls to do it.
clock
Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
tense
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
whiteboard
Whiteboards are remarkable!
battery
Find a battery and lick it, the results are shocking!
baseball
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
boomerang
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
bakery
My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
siri
What does an iPhone do when it has a lot of work ahead? It gets Siri-ous! Ha ha!
angle
People might think I'm square, but that just means I'm right on every angle!
bank
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest. 
cut
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now. 
car
I ran my expensive car into a tree. I now understand how a Mercedes bends.
cat
I ran over my pet yesterday. It was a cat-astrophe. 
dog
My dog has a lot of potential, you just have to unleash it.
chair
It's a deep seated problem.
apple
What do you call an apple with a huge ego? Conseeded.
toucan
Making puns about me? Toucan play at that game. 
broom
A new brand of broom came out. It is sweeping the nation. 
religion
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
bicycle
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired.
lunch
When the cannibal showed up late to the luncheon, they gave him the cold shoulder.
soap
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
shirt
I really wanted a camouflage shirt, but I couldn't find one.
spirit
If you don't pay your exorcist you get repossessed.
pencil
Pencils could be made with erasers at both ends, but what would be the point?
selfie
I've always pictured myself taking selfies.
tea
Earl Grey was away on business during the election. So he cast an absent-tea ballot.
computer
The lumberjack loved his new computer. He especially enjoyed logging in.
cannibal
What do cannibals eat for breakfast? SCrambled legs! 
boat
I used to have a fear of boats, but that ship has sailed.
